https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/features/

By default, FIFO queues support up to 3,000 messages per second with batching or up to 300 messages per second (300 send, receive, or delete operations per second) without batching. If you require higher throughput, you can enable high throughput mode for FIFO on the Amazon SQS console, which will support up to 9,000 messages per second

Payload Size: Message payloads can contain up to 256KB of text in any format. Each 64KB ‘chunk’ of payload is billed as 1 request. For example, a single API call with a 256KB payload will be billed as four requests. To send messages larger than 256KB, you can use the Amazon SQS Extended Client Library for Java, which uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3) to store the message payload. A reference to the message payload is sent using SQS.

Batches: Send, receive, or delete messages in batches of up to 10 messages or 256KB. Batches cost the same amount as single messages, meaning SQS can be even more cost effective for customers that use batching.

Retain messages in queues for up to 14 days.

Message locking: When a message is received, it becomes “locked” while being processed. This keeps other computers from processing the message simultaneously. If the message processing fails, the lock will expire and the message will be available again

Server-side encryption (SSE): Protect the contents of messages in Amazon SQS queues using keys managed in the AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). SSE encrypts messages as soon as Amazon SQS receives them. The messages are stored in encrypted form and Amazon SQS decrypts messages only when they are sent to an authorized consumer

Dead Letter Queues (DLQ): Handle messages that a consumer has not successfully processed with dead- letter queues (DLQs). When a message's maximum receive count is exceeded, Amazon SQS moves the message to the DLQ associated with the original queue. DLQs must be of the same type as the source queue (standard or FIFO). You can inspect the messages in DLQs to understand why your consumer has not successfully received them. Once you have remediated the issues, you can move the messages from the DLQ to their respective source queues.

Dead Letter Queues (DLQ): Handle messages that a consumer has not successfully processed with dead- letter queues (DLQs). When a message's maximum receive count is exceeded, Amazon SQS moves the message to the DLQ associated with the original queue. DLQs must be of the same type as the source queue (standard or FIFO). You can inspect the messages in DLQs to understand why your consumer has not successfully received them. Once you have remediated the issues, you can move the messages from the DLQ to their respective source queues.